When creating a package, we are working in a temporary directory that
has the delivered files underneath, as well as the various packaging
files

For each package we wish to transmogrify, a file named after the SVR4
package will exist here. The conversion script simply looks for the
name.

There may also be a platform-specific transform file. This is run after
the generic transform.

The file contains lines of actions. Generally, the format of each line
will be

action pathname [arguments]


The pathname should omit the leading /, so that it's relative.

The possible actions (not all yet implemented) are:

delete pathname

The pathname, a regular file, is removed from the package. To delete a
directory, first delete all the files it contains and then rmdir the
directory.

linkdel pathname

The pathname, packaged as a link, is removed from the package.

rmdir pathname

Like delete, but for a directory, which must be empty.

rrmdir pathname

Recursively delete a directory and all its contents.

restart fmri

The named fmri is added to the list of services to be restarted at
package install and removal.

modify pathname script

The contents of the file are modified in-place using gsed. This is
equivalent to
  gsed -i 'script' pathname

add pathname owner=x group=y mode=z

The pathname is added to the package. It's up to the caller to work out
where to get the contents of the file from (whether from the proto area
or this transform repo)

replace pathname

The file at pathname is replaced by a copy sourced from this transform repo

mkdir pathname owner=x group=y mode=z

The directory is added to the package.

symlink pathname target=z

The pathname is added, as a link to the specified target.

rename pathname newname

The file named pathname will instead be delivered as newname.

noisaexec pathname

If pathname is a link to isaexec, then the link to isaexec is replaced
by the 64-bit binary itself

noisaexeclink pathname target=z

If pathname is a link to isaexec, and the 64-bit pathname is also a hard link,
then the link to isaexec is replaced by a link to the specified target (which
is assumed to have been processed by noisaexec earlier). In other words, if
usr/bin/amd64/b is a hard link to usr/bin/amd64/a then the correct sequence is
  noisaexec usr/bin/a
  noisaexeclink usr/bin/b target=a

type pathname newtype

The ftype associated with pathname will be set to newtype. Generally
only useful for converting between e, v, and f.

depend package

Add a dependency on package.

undepend package

Remove the dependency on package.

name new name

Sets the NAME field in the pkginfo file, which is what gets printed as the
description of the package by the pkginfo command



The actions are processed in order, so it is possible to have multiple
actions for the same pathname.

To move a file from one package to another, delete it from the package
where you don't want it and add it to the package where you do.

To delete a directory, first delete all the files it contains and then
delete the directory. There is no automatic deletion of directories
that become empty if all their contents are removed, unless rrmdir is used.

The rename action only works on files.
